Add using GitHub app authentication in README (#1512)
octokit/octokit.rb: README.md

[access scopes]: http://developer.github.com/v3/oauth/#scopes
[app-creds]: http://developer.github.com/v3/#increasing-the-unauthenticated-rate-limit-for-oauth-applications

### GitHub App

> Octokit.rb also supports authentication [using GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/managing-github-apps/installing-github-apps). 
> 
> [Required generated JWT TOKEN](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-a-github-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octokit.rb also supports authentication [using a GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/managing-github-apps/installing-github-apps), which [requires a generated JWT token](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-github-apps/authenticating-with-github-apps#authenticating-as-a-github-app).
```

Thanks for contributing! I'd like to make a small change to the wording if that's okay.

Author: Thanks! 🙆‍♂️
